c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\ImageCropSample.dll
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\ImageCropSample.pdb
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\obj\Debug\ImageCropSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\obj\Debug\ImageCropSample.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\obj\Debug\ImageCropSample.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\obj\Debug\ImageCropSample.dll
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\obj\Debug\ImageCropSample.pdb
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\obj\Debug\ImageCropSample.dll.mdb
c:\users\fahad.bhatti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\ImageCropSample.dll.mdb
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\obj\Debug\ImageCropSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\obj\Debug\ImageCropSample.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\obj\Debug\ImageCropSample.App.xaml.g.cs
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\obj\Debug\ImageCropSample.MyPage.xaml.g.cs
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\obj\Debug\ImageCropSample.dll
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\obj\Debug\ImageCropSample.pdb
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\ImageCropSample.dll
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\ImageCropSample.pdb
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\obj\Debug\ImageCropSample.dll.mdb
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\ImageCropSample.dll.mdb
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\obj\Debug\ImageCropSample.dll.mdb
D:\Source\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\ImageCropSample\bin\Debug\ImageCropSample.dll.mdb
